
Initiative 1: AV CommonsIt is important to build AV Commons first, since it will allow users to collaborate to build the rest.Epic 1: MembersTask 1: RegistrationApplication form. Explains what the system is about and includes the video explanation.Full NameDatePhoneEmail*You are a DiscipleAspirantSojournerNone of the aboveDo you have any of the following skills? Please select all that applyComputer skills. such as navigating apps, good with software.Pedagogy. (Improving how something is explained and taught).Prayer warrior- I will pray for this project and those who are volunteering.Resource trialing; i.e., some spiritual formation resources will require testing.Something else. Please specify in the additional comments section.Spiritual writing; i.e., writing guides for books such as Spiritual Warfare and the Discernment of SpiritsTechnical skills such as programming, coding, web/app design.Video editing.Technical writing and/or editing experience.Workflows/Workflow testing.Theology.Creatives. eg artists.Please include additional comments or questions here.Please describe what credentials you have relating to your skills and experience to serve on any of these teams.Please note: Resources may be licensed as public domain which requires all contributors to the project to agree to this from the outset. This is explained here: https://creativecommons.org/public-domain/cc0/&quot;Thank you for your interest and responses! We will be in touch.Follow up email is sent to invite into AV Commons and the project further explained.AV Commons Application formTimestampEmail AddressWhat is your first name?What is your last name?What is your phone number?What level of AV are you?What team would you like to serve on? Choose as many as applicable.I accept the invitation to pray the Narrow Way Examen Prayer every time I&apos;m about to start work on the Narrow Way Project. (You don&apos;t need to pray the examen prayer before praying for the Narrow Way Project).How much are you thinking you might be involved? (you can choose more than one if you want to)I&apos;m open to being an admin for one or more of the groups that I would like to be part of.One way to class leadership is into people oriented, task oriented, vision oriented categories. The people oriented leader loves to work with others and is a great motivator. The task oriented loves to get a task done and could be a great organiser. The vision oriented leader keeps coming up with better ways of doing things. On a scale of one to ten for each category, what are you? [People]One way to class leadership is into people oriented, task oriented, vision oriented categories. The people oriented leader loves to work with others and is a great motivator. The task oriented loves to get a task done and could be a great organiser. The vision oriented leader keeps coming up with better ways of doing things. On a scale of one to ten for each category, what are you? [Task]One way to class leadership is into people oriented, task oriented, vision oriented categories. The people oriented leader loves to work with others and is a great motivator. The task oriented loves to get a task done and could be a great organiser. The vision oriented leader keeps coming up with better ways of doing things. On a scale of one to ten for each category, what are you? [Vision]Have you completed the  Dealing With Conflict In Community Life Course on the AV Website? As part of working together as members of AV we will require completion of this course within about 2 weeks (as state of life allows) if not completed yet.Credentials. Please explain what credentials you have to be on any of these teams. If you have already added this to the first form, we can add this later for you.Would you like to share your credentials with any groups you are part of? (The other choice provides a chance for you to use that as your group introduction).Public Domain. I acknowledge that all my contributes to AV Commons can be licensed as public domain or any license the leaders of AV Commons chooses without my contribution being acknowledged.Would you like to receive a phone call?If we give you a call to discuss the project, when would be the good times to call?How often would you like to receive an email of new resources? (This feature is yet to be added)Anything you would like to say/suggest/comment on?This form has some extra fields to help with managing the applicationsMember NumbersendcolSent?Someone who completes this form is automatically added into the AV Commons system.Task 2: Create users. Users have a profileTheir real name is used within the system.Their email is used as their usernameThey set a password, which requires a minimum of characters, numbers, cases, symbols.Users have a background which explains the background to the skills they have to offer.Once the rating system is operational, there will be a list of groups, membership status (junior, endorsed etc), skills, and ratings. Task 3: Users have a dashboardThe dashboard has a section that the user can edit.The dashboard lists the default notification setting for this user, eg instant, daily, weekly, no notification (ie the member will check their own dashboard when they want). It also contains when the notification was last run.The dashboard lists all groups available and which groups the user is a member of. There is an option to leave a group the member is part of or apply to join a group the member is not part of.The notification setting for each group is also listed, and when it was last run.The dashboard lists any assets that specifically include the user in the workflow.This list makes it clear if the resource is at the stage for the user to work on the resource as compared to resources that are yet to get to the user or have already been dealt with by the user.The dashboard lists the worklist of each group, which is similar to the user’s worklist.Epic 2: GroupsTask 1: The group space has a membership listInitially there are two types of membersAdminsMembersTask 2: Create a group space has a central dashboardThe dashboard has a editable section which endorsed members can edit.The dashboard has a list of all assets that include that group within the workflow.The status of each assetIt is indicated if the resource has been dealt withShould currently be dealt withIs yet to be dealt with.The title of the asset which is a link to the resource.The type of work required for the asset.Who the resource has been assigned to.If endorsed, then one person.If junior then both the junior and the endorsed user who checked the junior’s work.Members can take on an assetTask 3: The group space has a forumThe forum lists all conversations on it.The forum emails all group members any new posts.Replying to an email will be sent to all members and added to the forum.Task 4: Guild Feature. Members are classed as junior, endorsed, mentor.Junior members can take on tasks, but their work will need to be ratified by a mentor.Endorsed members can complete work on their own.Mentors are members who are happy to check the work of others and know how to use the system to do that.Skills within each guild. It might be useful for guilds to create skills within each guild and members to go through formation for each of those skills. Eg in Theology, christology, morality, liturgy, scripture. In coding, Python, Drupal, Flask, etc, There is a scoring system within each guild. Think stackoverflow, but also Linkedin with endorsing skills.Potentially every action a member does could add to their score.What may be better is that every ratified action is scored.The score can be skilled based.Once a junior member has a particular score and enough tasks completed they can then be endorsed for that skill. It could be possible to have levels within each skill. The group space has a training feature.Courses can be set up to train junior members to develop the skills they want to learn.This could be identifying where to gain those skills, eg which website is the best to learn python.Or an inhouse formation course with a sequence of content and then testing, eg multiple choice or using h5p.This testing feature can be very useful to check for theological orthodoxy.There should also be an agreement form, eg oath of fidelity to the magisterium. Epic 3: Assets Task 1: Every asset hasA text area.A workflow fieldVersionsThere is a diff tool that can compare versions.Locked when edited. Ie if someone is editing it, others can’t edit it. OR synchronous editing (https://docs.yjs.dev/). Task 2: Can be of three kindsProjects: Can contain projects, documents, resources. Projects could have a group attached to it.Projects have a list of assets within the projectThe assets table hasThe asset numberThe title which is a link to the assetShort description.Process: what stage is that asset up to.Documents: any kind of document.Resources: any kind of resource.A resource has a link to the resource.In a more robust system the types of assets could be increased.Task 3: All assets can be workflowedThe workflow is a type of field on the asset which is an ordered list. The ordered list contains three types of itemsParticular membersParticular groupsParticular end points (final locations).These can be ordered in different ways but an end point is always last.Before saving a change to a workflow, check that an end point is listed last.Permission to change a workflow initially will be open to all members, but should be tightened to the following.Endorsed members can change the workflowJunior members can suggest a change, but it will need to be ratified by an endorsed member of a group.I wonder if we should limit the ability to change further.There will be a default workflow for each type of asset.Assets can be given a type. There could be a particular workflow for each asset type. Eg blog, article, Task 4: Assets can be flagged for issues which will send it through a workflow to deal with the type of issue flagged, eg theological error to be checked by the theology guild.This can be done with a set of buttons each symbolizing a type of flag, eg spelling/grammar, theological, links not working, etc.Epic 4: NotificationsTask 1: A notification system is set upThe notification system could be programmed in C++ or another fast language since it will work off the database.When an asset task has been completed a record is put in the notification table. Other events can/could also be put into the notification table.Any change to the notification table causes the notification task to be fired off.The notification task puts a hold on any new notification task until complete. The notification task goes through and checks every user’s setting and when it was last run.If it is set to immediately, the notification is sent and when it was last run is updated for that setting. If the setting time is greater than it was last run, that notification is then runThe time of the run is then updated.Depending on the setting will wait for aggregation (from any group resources) until all possible messages have been run and times are updated.If there was a problem with sending, the update is rolled back to the previous time and an error message is sent to the devs. A stop to future notifications is flagged until the issue is resolved.It is important to get this system right so messages are not lost, or updated but not sent.All notifications are recorded in the sent table. This will help with trouble shooting if there is a problem. If all is well, messages from more than a week are deleted on a daily basis.Epic 5: CoursesTask 1: A Courses system is createdSystem created from scratch?H5P integrated system.Moodle connected to AV commons user base. The advantage is any courses created can then be shared through the free moodle course system which is the most popular open source education system. But export to other systems is limited.Other?Epic 6: SuggestionsSuggestions allows users to make suggestions to content. Part of the rationale for suggestions is to capture the wisdom and divine inspirations anyone may have to help improve any aspect of the system. This is a bit like pixar which apparently has a physical notice board which maps out a whole movie and allows anyone to add in suggestions/gags/etc to improve the movie. We want to capture all the inspirations and talented insights anyone may have.Story 1: A formation doc explains how to start praying mental prayer, eg set your alarm earlier. There is a suggestion button which allows anyone?/users? To make a suggestion of what worked for them, eg when I first get home for work, or when I make my first coffee for the day, or I leave a not on my mirror.These may be workflowed to be checked. If approved a score is added to that user.Story 2: Someone wants to suggest an improvement to an asset. They can enter edit mode, make their suggestion and submit. This then is checked and if approved a score is added. It may need to be gatekept to the right guild(s) for checking.Story 3: Potentially any content or aspect of the site can have a suggestion added to it.Epic: MultilingualEpic 7: An app version of the siteEpic 8: A desktop version of the siteEpic 9: Offline modeThe offline mode will allow for current assets to be cached.The offline mode will allow for all assets in the system to be cached locally.Epic 10: There needs to be a video asset typeThis is to collect all the videos.The transcription should be saved.Ideally, key words, topics, etc should be annotated to the transcript.These annotations should be searchable.There needs to be a way to rate the various timesOTHER CONSIDERATIONSThere will be two versions. One which is totally free an only uses open source/Public domain resources (OSS: open source system). A second one which makes use of the best resources available and integrates a payment system for each resource (BRS: best resource system). Eg the BRS would have Into the Deep as the resource for learning mental prayer, whereas the OSS would have collected all the best advice from Dan’s videos into a resource that is public domain.Possible integration of Bible resources: https://www.crosswire.org/sword/index.jsp We could integrate the catechism. The sword project uses OSIS and I have an OSIS version of the catechism.It would be good to integrate Yjs: https://docs.yjs.dev/ so we can have synchronous collaboration. This basically duplicates the functionality of Google docs. This is normally a paid feature for most good online editors, eg CKEditor, but is available free through Yjs. Just not as many editors have integrated Yjs yet.Annotations. I would like to be able to share annotations with the file format. For instance, In the Interior Castles by St Teresa of Avila, I want to be able to highlight groups of information and so easily reference them, such as all references to the analogy of the interior castle, she describes different prayer types and to highlight each prayer type, to highlight all practical advice she gives, to highlight all references to the tactics of the enemy, to highlight all references to errors in the spiritual life, to highlight the different terms based on the original spanish (Basque?) she uses for the different types of prayer. So these can be easily searched, shared and collaborated on. Unfortunately, the &lt;mark&gt; element can’t span across tags: HYPERLINK &quot;https://html.spec.whatwg.org/&quot; \l &quot;the-mark-element&quot;https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#the-mark-element In xml, it could be done with a start tag for an annotation and an end tag for an annotation. Each tag is a stand alone tag and not hierarchical and so can overlap, eg &lt;avannotation id=”1_start” /&gt; what ever tags, structure &lt;avannotation id=”1_end” /&gt; TinyMCE comments only uses span tag.Various Annotations toolsMoodle has a pdf annotatorIce tracks changes.PDF annotations: https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2018/what-are-annotations/ Lexical has a comment system that allows comments to be overlapped: https://playground.lexical.dev/ There is a plugin for CKEditor and TinyMCE editor. CKEditor plugin works better than TinyMCE.Obsidian is an interesting project: https://obsidian.md/ Another one is https://web.hypothes.is/ which is setting up the W3C annotation specification. Hypothes.is is central database, there is this discussion that points to self hosting. But obsidian is not fully open source, so a dead end, but it does have an annotatorFileOpen annotations.Other annotators.